Hi there! My name is Alex and I'm not your typical programmer. Firstly, let me tell you a little bit 
about myself and my journey. I was just a kid from Cluj-Napoca, Romania who started playing 
basketball at the age of 7 because his parents realised he is getting a little too chubby. In parallel with basketball, I was
doing very well in school because my dad told me that one bad grade could mean a week without my new favourite sport.
Then, all of a sudden I had a massive growth spurt which was very impressive because my parents are not 
tall people at all. After that, I got really good at the game, became one of the best in the country
and started being obsessed with it. Every day in the summer I was out, playing pickups or practicing
to become the best player I could be and that hard work payed of. Some of my teammates started telling me
that they look up to me or that they consider me an example, even some of them told me that I have a leader
attitude. When I heard this from my teammates, I started to take everything I do more seriously, includig school 
which was still a big prioprity for me, and adopted a winning mentality because I was trying to be the best
in everything I did. We, as a group, were at least a top 2 team in Romania, if not the best and our goal was the same every year: to win 
the championship, which we actually ended up accomplishing 4 times, but that could've been 5 if covid never came.
After my 3rd championship, I was offered a contract for the senior team at my club which of course, I signed. 
That season as a professional was an incredible one. We had the best run in the history of the club in an
european competition and we won the domestic championship too. It was a dream come true.
Meanwhile, in highschool, I had a programming class which I enjoyed very much and made me 
realise this is my second passion. We didn't do much stuff, only some basic concepts of programming in C++, C# and
databases, but that was enough for me to start digging for more information about the IT world. I started to learn about 
front-end and back-end technologies and developed mini-projects to deepen the knowledge that I researched.
When the season and school ended, I went and took a MRI scan for my lower back because in the middle of the season
I experienced some horibble pain. The results said that the problem that I have is not severe, but it's not a good sign
either, so I decided to not risk any injuries and gave up on my basketball dream. After that, I decided to invest all my time into coding.
When I look back, I realise basketball taught me so many things and I'm very greatful for every single one of them. It made me realise
that time management is a very important, that good teamwork and communication can lead to succes and the fact that
hard work will always beat tallent, if tallent doesn't work hard.
So, that's my story, I hope you enjoyed it and we can team up for some amazing projects together.
